hi guys it's hot tutorials and in this
video I'm going to be showing you the
top five applications for the Motorola
Xoom tablet it's running Android 3.2 so
let's get started the first up I want to
show you is called fruit ninja free
there are two versions of this there was
a free version and paid version the paid
version I think the only differences
that you don't get as many ads so let's
look right into this so it's a really
fun game it's really addictive once you
start playing it I've just turn the
volume down a little bit there we go so
once you turn an honor we've got a few
options you've got a classic you've got
Zen mode and arcade mode but let's just
try the classic for now basically the
goal of this game is to slash all the
fruits that you can see on the screen
you can use all of your fingers you can
use to both hands and you have to slash
all the fruits but you can't slash them
or if you / the bomb we'll see what's
gonna happen if you go you can only if
you if your fruit drops are so there's
got to be an X in the corner and you've
got three tries if you / the bomber it's
game over so yeah pretty fun game you
can download that it's the second up I
wanted to show you is called sketch and
rule it's a little fan app that you can
draw anything with for example let's try
to draw YouTube sorry for
just sloppy handwriting bomb holding a
camera so basically you can create
anything you want you've got different
colors lots of options to choose from
loads of pencils to choose from
different styles so for instance if you
want to do it like a tornado you can do
that so yeah that's for this up the
third up is called barcode scanner
basically this app requires internet and
it uses it uses the internet to find out
the price of any bar code that you scan
so I've got these sweets here and as you
consider us a bar crawl at the back so
if i take the tablet and i scan the
barcode there we go they're going to
show me exactly what it is caramel
mounts 200 grams for pounds so this is
the name here and this is the name right
here so it's the same thing it's comes
basically every single thing everything
that you that has a bar code so yeah
nuts for this app the fourth up i want
to show you school tubemate it's right
here this app allows you to download
youtube videos directly to your tablet
and chosen in chosen resolution it can
be HD and basically anything you want
you can use this on phones as well so
when you search for a video there's that
search button here you can also sign
into YouTube is the same youtube that
you get
the browser and everything is the same
so it's going to ask if you want to
download a watch when you first download
it's going to say fetching video
information and it's going to ask you to
choose what you want to save it as so
its high-end devices only 640 x 360 320
x 240 and some other resolutions you can
download every single video onto your
tablet and watch it and the last up i'm
going to show you scored MX video player
it's basically an app that lets you play
back everything that you download all
the movies videos on your tablet and so
for example if we go to movies and I've
got avatar so it's gonna play back
avatar very correctly in HD
it's basically the best video up out
there in my opinion it looks quite good
so so yeah that's pretty much it and all
those apps are free of charge you don't
have to pay for them and you can just
download them straight from straight
away from the hundred market and thanks
for watching my video I hope you enjoyed
it please rate favorite and comment
please subscribe if you can and thanks
cool